[SPEAKER_01]: Hello and welcome to Veterans of the Valley.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm Tom Turbyville.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was called the bloodiest battle of World War II.
[SPEAKER_01]: Adolf Hitler was making one last push for victory in Europe.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was the showdown known as the Battle of the Bulge.
[SPEAKER_01]: From December the 16th, 1944 to January 25th, 1945 in the Ardennes Valley on the German-Belgium border.
[SPEAKER_01]: Three German armies versus three American armies, plus three divisions of British troops.
[SPEAKER_01]: When the Battle of the Bulge was done, 81,000 Americans, 100,000 Germans were either killed, captured, or wounded.
[SPEAKER_01]: 800 tanks were lost on each side.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Germans lost 1,000 aircraft.
[SPEAKER_01]: One of those Americans wounded was Armor Infantry Tech Sergeant Speck Gammon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Long retired now as Sports Information Director at Texas A&M, Speck Gammon and his wife Arla live in College Station.
[SPEAKER_01]: Speck, welcome.
[SPEAKER_01]: First off, thank you for your service.
[SPEAKER_01]: When we talked a few years ago about your service and the Battle of the Bulge, I know you talked about the weather.
[SPEAKER_00]: at that time you're talking about in in the winter months and you said it was about as cold as you had ever been i guess that's one thing you remember about this was just how cold it was right oh it was it was the coldest i've ever been and uh we had foxholes there and if you and had put we dug side things down for our feet and i was lucky that i kept my feet up on mine but
[SPEAKER_00]: When I got back in the hospital after I was wounded, there were a lot of soldiers who had gone to sleep and their feet had fallen down to the water and they had trench foot and just, they were black.
[SPEAKER_00]: They were in great pain.
[SPEAKER_01]: A lot of people lost their feet actually.
[SPEAKER_01]: They had to be amputated, right, because of that?
[SPEAKER_00]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_01]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_01]: The Battle of the Bulls history tells us that that area, the Ardennes Forest, the Ardennes Valley, was really not a place that the Americans thought that the Germans would make this last push.
[SPEAKER_01]: So therefore, the Allied troops really didn't armor it very much.
[SPEAKER_01]: They really weren't there.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a surprise to you that that's where the Germans picked to make their last push.
[SPEAKER_01]: A surprise to the Americans, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: It did surprise the Americans, I think, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talk about
[SPEAKER_01]: the Battle of the Bulge and talk about just what led up to that and where you were.
[SPEAKER_01]: What was your job in World War II?
[SPEAKER_01]: You were armor infantry.
[SPEAKER_01]: What was your job there leading up to that?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I was a platoon sergeant in charge of a platoon, but we were in half tracks.
[SPEAKER_00]: We weren't foot soldiers.
[SPEAKER_00]: We were armored.
[SPEAKER_00]: And we were just
[SPEAKER_00]: driving on the Germans at this point and we thought the war was going to be over for long and we were surprised that they really made a stand there.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I know that one of the American divisions
[SPEAKER_01]: was sort of surrounded by the German divisions, and one of the humorous things that comes out of history is that the Germans asked the Americans to surrender, and there was a famous quote that came out of that, wasn't there?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, the commander said, nuts.
[SPEAKER_00]: That was his answer to it.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was not surrendering.
[SPEAKER_01]: Indeed, that was General Anthony McAuliffe who made one of the shorter but more famous quotes of the war.
[SPEAKER_01]: He said, nuts, he wasn't going to surrender.
[SPEAKER_01]: You dug foxholes to sort of keep yourself warm because of the weather, because of the snow and the ice.
[SPEAKER_01]: Made it very difficult to fight a war being that cold because you were just miserably cold just the entire time, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I know that we had two wool outfits and you put on your wool pants
[SPEAKER_00]: And you found enough copies of Star of the Straps newspaper to wrap around that and then put your other second pair of pants over it.
[SPEAKER_00]: And actually that kept you fairly warm because the paper between the two pair of pants or shirts knocked off the wind.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right, right.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had become a platoon leader.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is that right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I think the platoon leader of your outfit had actually been killed, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: So you were sort of promoted right there in the field.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is that right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: He was killed with shrapnel from a mortar.
[SPEAKER_00]: And our captain said, okay, Sergeant Gammon, you're the platoon leader.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that was it.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're a guy 20, 21 years old.
[SPEAKER_01]: your country guy, and here you find yourself in the middle of Europe, in the middle of World War II.
[SPEAKER_01]: People are shooting.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, there's armor.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's shells all around you.
[SPEAKER_01]: What do you remember?
[SPEAKER_01]: What were your thoughts then?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I was scared then.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think everybody in combat was scared, or they didn't have good sense, but they weren't.
[SPEAKER_00]: They'd protect themselves, but we knew we had a job to do, and
[SPEAKER_00]: And we'd been trained well enough that whatever job you were in the platoon, you knew what you were supposed to do.
[SPEAKER_01]: You talked about that with me when I first talked to you a few years ago about this, about that you had a job to do that it was very regimented in the Army.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was something that you really weren't used to, especially because you were a journalist.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were sort of trained to think on your own.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you weren't really allowed to do that in the Army.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was one thing that you didn't like, is just the regiment and not really be able to think for yourself.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talk about that.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's true, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did you overcome that?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_00]: You have to adjust from what you had been doing and adjust to the Army way, the military way.
[SPEAKER_01]: coming out of a background of journalism and you wanted to be a journalist to get the story right, do you think that you viewed your service and you viewed the war a little bit differently with a journalism type of background?
[SPEAKER_00]: Did I do what now?
[SPEAKER_01]: Did you view the war differently in your service because of your journalism thinking, your journalism background?
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you think you viewed things a little bit differently?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, probably I did.
[SPEAKER_00]: I thought it was more of a,
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I don't know how to describe it, but because of being in journalism, I thought it was a story.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were looking at the story besides looking at the battle that you were fighting also.
[SPEAKER_01]: There was a story you talked about a hayfield with haystacks when you were first going in.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, we were moving in and...
[SPEAKER_00]: and all of our vehicles came to a halt, and all the soldiers off were moving forward.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they hadn't been gone but about five minutes, and one of the drivers of the vehicle, just to be doing something, turned his machine gun over and shot into a haystack.
[SPEAKER_00]: And all of a sudden, the haystacks bursted open all around, and Germans came out with their hands up.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the drivers really...
[SPEAKER_00]: laid it on the other guys and they got back and said, look, we captured while you guys were gone.
[SPEAKER_01]: Maybe the driver should be handling the guns.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, indeed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's go to the actual time that you were wounded.
[SPEAKER_01]: What specific memories do you have of that before, how you were wounded, what happened, and just sort of your memories about when you were actually wounded during the war?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I was wounded by mortar shrapnel that went over
[SPEAKER_00]: back and exploded behind me and and came up and hit me in the butt or in the hip and knocked me forward and actually i wasn't hurt bad but the medic in our group saw that i had shrapnel inside my hip and immediately had me sent back to the hospital
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you able to, I mean, you were knocked down.
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you able to get up or were you down?
[SPEAKER_00]: I could get up and walk and everything.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_00]: The medics just had their orders what to do when somebody got hit.
[SPEAKER_00]: And of course, I was glad to get out of it myself.
[SPEAKER_01]: What time of day was this?
[SPEAKER_01]: What time of day did this happen?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I think it happened somewhere around mid-morning.
[SPEAKER_00]: 9, 10, 11 o'clock, somewhere in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, right.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so you were hit.
[SPEAKER_01]: The medics looked at you and said, this guy needs to go get patched up.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so you were off for a while.
[SPEAKER_01]: Where were you sent?
[SPEAKER_00]: I was sent back to the hospital in Paris.
[SPEAKER_01]: In Paris?
[SPEAKER_01]: And how long were you there?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I never did go back into action.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_00]: I don't know exactly how long I was there.
[SPEAKER_00]: The war was over soon after that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then I was, I read and started in stripes that if you didn't have enough points to get a discharge from the war is over, that
[SPEAKER_00]: you could apply to go to a school in London or in England, Arts and Crafts College.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I thought I'd like to do that, so I applied and was sent to London where I stayed, oh, I think an arts and crafts school there for about three or four months before I finally was shipped home.
[SPEAKER_01]: What did you study?
[SPEAKER_01]: Arts and crafts.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't know what it was until I got there.
[SPEAKER_01]: You liked the service.
[SPEAKER_01]: Other than the conflict part of it, you enjoyed being in the service, the camaraderie with your friends and all that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, I did.
[SPEAKER_00]: At the end of basic training in the service, I was in the best physical shape I've ever been in my life, before or after, because basic training was really tough.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I was at the age of 20, 21, and I really got in great physical shape at that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: You weren't allowed to go home.
[SPEAKER_01]: You didn't have enough points to go home, but you went to this college in London.
[SPEAKER_01]: But while you were in the hospital, I know you told me one time that that was when you read in Stars and Stripes about the battle that you had been in.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: I didn't know there had been such a battle.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that it was the bloodiest battle of the war, the most costly, at least for a single battle for Americans in the war.
[SPEAKER_01]: But at the time you were fighting it, you didn't know that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess only the generals knew about that, right?
[SPEAKER_00]: I was fortunate, I think, to have been wounded and got out of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, when you think, because I believe about 19,000 Americans actually died in it, and many more than that were either wounded or captured.
[SPEAKER_01]: So being slightly wounded probably helped you survive the war, I guess.
[SPEAKER_00]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_01]: So...
[SPEAKER_01]: You told me one time, and I thought that this was very fascinating, about your own personal respect for the British soldier and what they went through in the war.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, they were obviously involved in World War II before Pearl Harbor, before the Americans got involved in it.
[SPEAKER_01]: And while you were over there, while you were in the hospital, you really developed a respect for the British soldier.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talk about that and why.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I thought the British, I don't know how to explain it, but...
[SPEAKER_00]: Something about the stiff upper lip.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_00]: That they had fought the war themselves before we ever joined them.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they had shown great courage and a stiff upper lip, as they called it, to be the ones that were holding off that
[SPEAKER_00]: that wasn't going to let them invade England anyway.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, because a lot of the war was fought on their soil.
[SPEAKER_01]: You go over there today and there's still areas where the war is still left its scars.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Obviously.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's rewind to how you got into the service.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were in Oklahoma, I guess.
[SPEAKER_01]: And what were the circumstances that you got into the service and eventually involved in World War II, your basic training?
[SPEAKER_01]: Sort of take us through that part of your resume.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I'd finished junior college at Eastern Oklahoma A&M and Wilburton.
[SPEAKER_00]: And my papers were going into service where in my hometown of Colgate.
[SPEAKER_00]: But I had two brothers in Detroit, Michigan.
[SPEAKER_00]: When I got out of junior college, I hadn't been drafted, so I had the papers transferred from Colgate up to Detroit.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I went up to where my brothers were, and I got a job in the factory, automobile factory.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I waited there until my paper, until I was mobilized.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I was sent to
[SPEAKER_00]: Leesville, Louisiana, Camp Polk.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they were forming a new division there, it was the 11th Armored Division.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I had, I guess it was pretty high IQ.
[SPEAKER_00]: When I got there, since all of us were just coming in to form this new division, I didn't do any KP, I didn't do any guard duty, and I was made corporal about a week after I was there.
[SPEAKER_00]: I never served guard duty, kitchen police, or any of those things.
[SPEAKER_00]: I was very fortunate, I think.
[SPEAKER_01]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you went to Louisiana for your basic training, is that right?
[SPEAKER_01]: And then from there, you were assigned to go to Europe, is that right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, we went to Abilene, Texas for a brief stay.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we were sent to Camp Cook, California.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_00]: And then we got on a train and went all the way across the country to
[SPEAKER_00]: to New Jersey and from there we got on a boat to go to England and then from there across the channel over to France.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was the Battle of the Bulge the first really resistance that you personally had seen as far as battle or were there other scary times before that?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, we had some little but not much because
[SPEAKER_00]: We weren't up in the forefront of the surge against the Germans, so we didn't get into it, really, until we got up to the Battle of the Bulge.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that was enough for you, obviously.
[SPEAKER_00]: You bet.
[SPEAKER_01]: When you got out of the, you know exactly how long you served, I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: You told me one time to the day how long your service was.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you still remember today?
[SPEAKER_00]: I think it was three years, three months, and 13 days.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's what you told me four years ago when we first talked about this.
[SPEAKER_01]: That time span will never leave your mind.
[SPEAKER_01]: What you told me, though, that's for any young man from age 20 to 23, that's really the most vibrant, important years of their young life.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you were obviously aware of that, that that's how you were spending your youth.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Any regrets on that now?
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh...
[SPEAKER_00]: I wouldn't take for the experience and the memories, but I wish I hadn't had to do that.
[SPEAKER_00]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you survived it to tell about it and to have a career after the service.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I want to talk about that because, Beck, you and I have known each other for a long, long time.
[SPEAKER_01]: through both of our involvements in athletics.
[SPEAKER_01]: For 20 years, you were the sports information director here at Texas A&M from 1963 to 1983.
[SPEAKER_01]: And you got in that sort of through the same way I got into it as I followed you in 1984 in that sports information role.
[SPEAKER_01]: You got in it through the journalism route.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talk about that.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were a writer in West Texas.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sort of take us through that trail.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, I was a writer in Borger.
[SPEAKER_00]: Amarillo and then down to Odessa where I spent 13 years as sports editor there and Jim Lindsay was the editor of a Midland reporter telegram and he was a big friend of
[SPEAKER_00]: I'd been in service with Earl Rudder, he was president at A&M, and Lindsey joined Rudder at Texas A&M, and an opening came up, and Hank Foberg's, or Lindsey talked to Hank Foberg about
[SPEAKER_00]: hiring me.
[SPEAKER_00]: And that's how I came into Texas A&M and to join that staff.
[SPEAKER_01]: So you got out of sports writing and into the sort of the other side of the desk as far as being, they call it now media relations.
[SPEAKER_01]: Back then we were just SIDs, Sports Information Directors.
[SPEAKER_01]: And boy, has that job changed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, you know, when I first got into the business in 1978,
[SPEAKER_01]: which probably you doesn't seem like that, that long ago, 1978.
[SPEAKER_01]: I remember when I first got in the business was we were first getting a word processors, much less computers or, you know, what they call fax machines.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now we, you and I call telecopiers and it took six minutes for one page to go across, across the line.
[SPEAKER_01]: But the business has really changed now with the internet and with cell phones and computers and, and all of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I kind of liked the way that we did it, you know, back then where,
[SPEAKER_01]: where a sports writer would actually type on a typewriter.
[SPEAKER_00]: Correct.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, that's what you'd do.
[SPEAKER_01]: You would pound on not even an electric typewriter, I guess, when you were.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, that was a manual.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was a manual typewriter and just pounded out the stories.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sports information director during that two-decade span from 63 to 83.
[SPEAKER_01]: Obviously, you were here during the entire Gene Stallings era as he was the head football coach and Emory Ballard.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talk about those times, some of the highlights of Texas A&M athletics then.
[SPEAKER_01]: One of them has to be winning that conference championship, I guess, in 1967 and winning the Cotton Bowl over Alabama.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were the sports information director at that time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Talk about what you remember about that season.
[SPEAKER_00]: The biggest thing I remember about that when I think back on it is when the game was over that Bear Bryant walked out on the field and picked up Stallings and carried him around in his arms.
[SPEAKER_00]: That Stallings had upset his old master.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, right.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's a very famous photograph.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I guess you were down on the field right there and were watching that?
[SPEAKER_01]: Were you down on the field at the time?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I was still in the press box.
[SPEAKER_01]: You were still up in the press box.
[SPEAKER_01]: But you saw that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But working for Coach Stallings and then Emory Ballard came along.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I guess from the Emory Ballard era, one of the things that you remember is the fact that
[SPEAKER_01]: This fellow in the middle of the season quit in the middle of the season.
[SPEAKER_01]: For a sports information director, that had to be a memorable time.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, and it was a sad time, too, and a hard time to handle.
[SPEAKER_00]: Trying to, well, you couldn't explain why he quit, you know, to the writers wanting to know what happened, what happened.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, that was a shock to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: You had no idea that that was going to happen.
[SPEAKER_00]: No, no.
[SPEAKER_01]: That was 1978.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was that time?
[SPEAKER_00]: No, I had no idea it was going to happen.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then Tom Wilson came along.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I know that Tom's a good man.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the first play he ran was a touchdown.
[SPEAKER_00]: He had to, I forget who the passer was, but I know he told him to throw it just as far as you can and his receiver to get him down.
[SPEAKER_00]: And they completed about a 70, 80-yard touchdown pass on the first play.
[SPEAKER_00]: On the first play.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: First player.
[SPEAKER_01]: Overall, looking at your 20 years in athletics here at Texas A&M, just what are your thoughts as you look back at it?
[SPEAKER_01]: What was the best part of being here for that 20-year part of A&M athletic history?
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, the best part was being connected with Texas A&M, which I think is a tremendous university.
[SPEAKER_00]: And the athletic were good.
[SPEAKER_00]: And a lot of very fine young men came through and competed in the school's football program and other sports too.
[SPEAKER_00]: But that's one thing that I've
[SPEAKER_00]: Really enjoyed and I look back on with very fondness.
[SPEAKER_01]: Lots of athletes that came through that went on to professional sports and professional athletics, professional football, basketball, track and field.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know you were real interested in track and field also and really all of the sports.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: There were some great ones, like Dave Elmendorf was one of the great ones in both baseball and football.
[SPEAKER_00]: Right.
[SPEAKER_00]: And there were many others.
[SPEAKER_01]: Curtis Dickey?
[SPEAKER_00]: Curtis Dickey.
[SPEAKER_01]: Football and track?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_00]: And a lot of big, good...
[SPEAKER_00]: football linemen, defensively and offensively.
[SPEAKER_00]: Their names don't pop up in my mind right now, but there were some good ones.
[SPEAKER_01]: And of course, from the basketball side, you and Shelby Metcalf went through that whole 20 years together from the basketball side.
[SPEAKER_01]: You saw an awful lot of
[SPEAKER_01]: of Shelby's wins, and he had an awful lot of them in the Southwest Conference.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, he did.
[SPEAKER_00]: Shelby was a tremendous basketball coach.
[SPEAKER_00]: He knew the game well, and he knew how to handle players well.
[SPEAKER_00]: And I think his teams won a lot of ball games they weren't supposed to win because of him.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, right.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then track and field, of course, you were here for most of Charlie Thomas's, I guess, reign.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then when Ted Nelson took over in track and field, those old Southwest Conference days, that was a great time.
[SPEAKER_01]: And from your vantage point, a lot of the writers back then, the sports writers, that's changed an awful lot, too, the sports writing business.
[SPEAKER_01]: There were some great legends that you got to work with from the sports writing business.
[SPEAKER_01]: Good friends, too.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yeah, like Dave Campbell out of Waco and Bill Van Fleet from Fort Worth.
[SPEAKER_00]: There's a bunch of good ones.
[SPEAKER_01]: You bet.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dan Cook down in San Antonio and up in Dallas and a lot of the folks that I got to work with, too, after I... Blackie Sheridan, Dallas, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: You bet, that I got to work with in that job.
[SPEAKER_01]: before we uh we leave i want to go back to uh to your service again in uh in in world war ii uh later on when you were sports information director here that didn't really come out that part of your resume the fact that you were that you served in the war that you were involved in the battle of the bulge that you were wounded in the battle of the bulge you sort of look at that as that was one compartment of your life this is another compartment of your life it's nothing that you really dwelled on is that right
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I didn't dwell on that after I got out of it.
[SPEAKER_00]: Tried to forget it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But it was still a proud time of your life, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, proud to serve.
[SPEAKER_00]: Oh, yes, yes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Before we have a chance to go, right now you're working through an injury, but you're about to be back on the golf course again.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is that right?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah, I got a little pulled hamstring.
[SPEAKER_00]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_00]: I'll be back for long.
[SPEAKER_01]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_01]: Speck is one of the fine senior golfers around this.
[SPEAKER_01]: As a matter of fact, you might not remember this, but I was actually playing with you on the back nine at Bryan Municipal Golf Course the day that you shot a 63.
[SPEAKER_01]: I played with you those last nine holes.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know if you remember that or not, but you remember shooting that 63 at Bryan Municipal Golf Course, don't you?
[SPEAKER_00]: And I had a 62 and a 63 there within about a two-week period.
[SPEAKER_01]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_00]: No longer, though.
[SPEAKER_01]: And he's still pretty strong about that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Absolutely.
[SPEAKER_01]: Speck Gammon, thank you for being with us today.
[SPEAKER_00]: Well, thank you, Tom, for having me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_01]: The winner that joined 1944 to 1945 was certainly one of the most historic of all wars.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hitler's final defeat led to Germany's surrender, but it came at a mighty price on all sides.
[SPEAKER_01]: The German offensive, called the Battle of the Bulge, was the worst conflict in terms of losses to American forces in the war.
[SPEAKER_01]: We salute all the veterans today and a special thanks to Speck Gammon for his brave service in World War II.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm Tom Turbyville for our underwriter, First National Bank.
[SPEAKER_01]: Please join us next time on Veterans of the Valley.
you